Update firefox extension security info (#9813)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: doc/integration/browser_extension.md

  </a>
</p>

> &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The Firefox extension may need to be manually enabled from about:addons, 
> [more info](firefox_security.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>NOTE: The Firefox extension may need to be manually enabled from `about:addons`, you can find more information in [Firefox add-on security](firefox_security.md).
```

1. This will create a blue information box if you prefer, e.g. 
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/2946214/79142266-cf7cb880-7ded-11ea-9058-7b4d53b0acf7.png)
2. We try to avoid using generic description for links, ref: https://about.sourcegraph.com/handbook/communication/style_guide#links
